Encore (advanced): add documentation for `configureLoaderRule()` method (#11075)
symfony/symfony-docs: frontend/encore/advanced-config.rst

        keepPublicPath: true,
    });

Having the full control on Loaders Rules
----------------------------------------

> The method ``configureLoaderRule()`` provide a clean way to configure Webpack loaders rules (``module.rules``, see `Configuration <https://webpack.js.org/concepts/loaders/#configuration>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method ``configureLoaderRule()`` provides a clean way to configure Webpack loaders rules (``module.rules``, see `Configuration <https://webpack.js.org/concepts/loaders/#configuration>`_).
```

> This is a low-level method. Any of your modifications will be applied just before pushing the loaders rules to Webpack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a low-level method. All your modifications will be applied just before pushing the loaders rules to Webpack.
```

> It means that you can override configuration provided by Encore, so maybe you will break things. Be careful when using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It means that you can override the default configuration provided by Encore, which may break things. Be careful when using it.
```

A useful usage would be for configuring the ``eslint-loader`` to lint Vue files too.
The following code is equivalent:

.. code-block:: javascript

>     // Before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Manually
```

    const webpackConfig = Encore.getWebpackConfig();

    const eslintLoader = webpackConfig.module.rules.find(rule => rule.loader === 'eslint-loader');
    eslintLoader.test = /\.(jsx?|vue)$/;

    return webpackConfig;

>     // After

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Using Encore.configureLoaderRule()
```
